{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12340\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shapiro-Wilk test for normality of data\
w,p = scipy.stats.shapiro(data)\
\
What is the null hypothesis? \
\
Population comes from a normal distribution. \
\
P-value : Probability of obtaining t-statistic. <==> Probability of obtaining mean if null hypothesis is true.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 I am trying to tie in the statistical analysis results with the linear regression part. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_selection: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 In {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 machine learning}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistics"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 statistics}}, 
\b feature selection
\b0 , also known as 
\b variable selection
\b0 , 
\b attribute selection
\b0  or 
\b variable subset selection
\b0 , is the process of selecting a subset of relevant features for use in model construction. The central assumption when using a feature selection technique is that the data contains many 
\i redundant
\i0  or 
\i irrelevant
\i0  features. Redundant features are those which provide no more information than the currently selected features, and irrelevant features provide no useful information in any context.\
\
We want to compare the number of entries on foggy and non foggy days. \
Knowing that not both are distributed normally, can we apply a chi-squared test? \
Or can we construct a confidence interval for the means of both populations using  \
the poisson distribution? \
\
Neither. Leave your conclusions as is! \
\
MapReduce: You want to find the frequency of hourly entries. }